website development

Wordpress

Digital Ad Platform:

Search Engine Optimization:

SEO is the process of improving a website to get more organic traffic from search engines.

	On-Page SEO → The process of optimizing the elements within a page to improve ranking and visibility in the search engine is called on-page SEO.
			
			optimizing content, meta tags, titles, keywords, internal links.


	Off-Page SEO → Focuses on building your website’s trust, authority and reputation through external activities to improve rankings and visibility."
				   Ex: Backlinks, guest posting.
    
	Technical SEO: Optimizing website structure, Performance, speed, and crawlability to help search engines index and page Ranking effectively.
	
	Local SEO → Focuses on optimizing a website for local searches and google map visibility.
				Google My Business, Name Address Phone Number consistency
				
List of search Engines:
	Google
	Bing Microsoft
	Yahoo
	DuckDuckGo
	Baidu - China
	Yandex - Russia
	Naver - South Korea

Web Browsers
  Browsers are applications that are mandatory used to open and view websites
	Google Chrome
	Mozilla Firefox
	Microsoft Edge
	Apple Safari
	Opera


List of ON-Page SEO Technique:
	White Hat SEO:
		Meta Title - 60 char -- It Appears in SERP 
		
		Meta Description - 160 char - It Appears in SERP
		
		Keyword - for 300 words 5 keywords.
			Keywords help search engines understand what a webpage is about. When used naturally in content, they help the page
            appear in search results and bring the right visitors to the website.
		
		Google Keyword Planner(Tool for Keywords) 
		
		Image Alternative Text 
			Image Alt text is used to -- describe images in words so Google can index them properly.
		
		High Quality, Original, Relevant Content
		
		Keyword Placement - Title, Description, Heading, content, URL
		
		SEO Friendly URL
		
		Header Tag:
			H1 Tag - 1 Time 
			H2 Tag - 5 Time 
			H3 to H6 - No limit we can use based on the length of the content.
		
		Social Signal:
			Facebook
			X (Twitter)
			Instagram
			Mail
			Thread
		
		Internal Links
			Internal links are links that connect one page of a website to another page on the same website.
		
		Outbound Link
			An outbound link is a link when user click on any link on one website then it will lead to takes users to another website.
		
		Canonical Issue:

			canonical issue occurs when multiple URLs contain the same or very similar content, and search engines do not know which version is the “main” or preferred page.
			This creates duplicate content, affects in ranking signals, and confuses Google about which URL to index and rank.
			The fix is done by using a canonical tag.
		
		Canonical Syntax:
			Should be put under head section of html.
			<link rel="canonical" href="url_link" />
		
		When product is promoted on FB, IG, Google Ads.
			On the page you promoted just add the canonical tag. It will ignore the parameters. And the page is treated as main page.
			
	Black Hat SEO:
		Keyword Stuffing
			Keyword stuffing is the practice of using the same keyword too many times on a webpage in an unnatural way to try to rank higher in search engines.
		Cloaking -- Fake Promotion
		Hidden Text and links
		Duplicate Content
		Negative SEO
		
Tools Used:
		Keyword: Google Keyword Planner
		Keyword Research : SEMRush / Ahref
		Content Optimization: Surfer SEO / SEOQuake/ SEO Meta In 1 click
		On-Page Audit: Screaming Frog Application
		Content Readability: Grammarly
		Image Optimization: Canva / tiny.png
		
		
(Date) Daily Work Report

Login Time: 

Activity Summary: 

Logout Time:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

List of OFF Page SEO Technique:
	Backlink Building:
		Backlink building is a manual, intentional SEO activity where you actively work to get links from other websites.
	
   	Backlink Generating:
		Backlink generating happens naturally, without direct outreach or requests. Other websites link to your content on their own.
		
		High Quality Backlinks
		Guest Posting
			In guest posting, you contact (approach) another website owner or blog editor and request permission to publish your article on their site.
		Relevant Backlink
		Broken link Building
		Brand Mention
		Influencer Outreach
		Blogger Outreach
		Q/A Platform (Quora, Reddit)
		
		Blog Submission - (blogger.com)
			Blog comment
			blog post
			Leave a reply
		
		Article Submission
		  for a article minimum 1200 words 
		  along with proper image.
			Fatjoe Title Generator
			duplicate checker.com
			Medium.com
			behance.com
		
		Profile Submission
			FB, Instagram, X(Twitter),LinkedIn, Thread
		
		Directory Submission
			Directory submission means listing your website or business details in an online directory.
			
			Example:
				Justdial
		 
		 Classifields Submission		
			Classified submission means posting ads about your products or services on classified websites.
			Example:
			OLX 
			Facebook Marketplace
			
		PowerPoint submission
			Slideshare.com
		
		Infographics Submission	
			Infographic Image	
			An infographic image is a visual representation of information, data, or a process using images, icons, charts, and short text to make the content easy to understand.
			
		Social Bookmarking:
			Social bookmarking sites are platforms where you save and share website links to gain visibility, traffic, and supporting backlinks.
			Ex: reddit, pinterest.
			
		What is Domain Authority?
			Domain Authority (DA) is a metric developed by SEO tools Moz, SEMRush that predicts rank on website in the search engine results pages. It is scored on a scale from 1 to 100, where higher scores indicate a stronger ability to rank.
			Although DA is not a Google ranking factor, “It is commonly used to measure how strong and trustworthy a website is. 
			
			Should be greater than 35%
		
		What is Spam Score?
		    Spam Score shows whether a website looks safe or suspicious based on its links and content.
			Low Spam Score → Website looks clean and trustworthy
			High Spam Score → Website looks risky or spammy
			Spam score should be less than 10%.
		
		
		Bounce Rate:
		Bounce Rate is the percentage of visitors who visit a webpage and leave without interacting further—such as clicking another page, 	filling a form, or engaging with the content.
			
					Single Page session
	bounce rate =	-------------------   X 100
					  Total Session       
					  
				= 400 / 1000 X 100 ==> 40%

	Here
	 Session: 
	    A session is the time a user spends on your website from entry to exit.
		In a day a user can have multiple session of a webiste.
	
	Bounce Rate 
	
	< 30%     -->Excellent
	30% - 40% --> Good
	40 - 50   --> OK
	Above 50  --> Bad
	

To find our competitor check : put a keyword in a incognito window and find it.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Formula For creating a meta title:

Best/Top/Top 10 + Service/product + Category (institude/service) + Benefits + site name

Best digital marketing training in kovilpatti | 100% placements | Getin Technologies
e

----

40 easy ways to make money quickly

31 ways to make money in 2025

30 ways to lose weight naturally

how to lose weights fast - 9 scientific ways to drop fat

9 proven ways to lose weight for busy people - Entrepreneur

The 7 common mistake dog owners make in the winter

10 mistakes first time dog owners to avoid - inside dog world

7 common mistakes dog owners make | Pet coach

7 secrects to living long and happy life

7 secrects to linving long and well

9 fitness hack for good looking

12 common coding mistakes in python coding




Semrush, ahref,ubersuggest, moz


Google Search Console (GSC) is a free Google tool used to monitor, analyze, and optimize a website’s performance in Google Search results.



premium coffee powder 

Delicious coffee, ready in seconds. Our instant coffee in Original & French Vanilla flavors now comes with a FREE Ground Coffee Mug! Made from leftover coffee grounds, this sustainable mug serves more than just looks. Enjoy 100% Arabica coffee with a mug that goes wherever you go.















Worked with PostgreSQL databases and handled migrations using makemigrations and migrate.





https://bpucwg-gp.myshopify.com/products/hisense-u7k-qled-4k-mini-led-tv-with-dolby-vision





SEMRush
Ahref
Moz
Uber Suggest


Screaming frog



He's not able to understand when guiding something, not able to recollect the concept. He's not able to search on internet do things.